= dog_catcher

http://github.com/atduskgreg/dog_catcher

== DESCRIPTION:

Do you run many Rails apps from many different directories? Do you get annoyed when you try to start a new one and an existing app is already occupying your port of choice? Are you sick of killing these Rails apps with 'kill -9' (after having to scare up their PID) and then having to clean up the stranded .pid files later?

If you answered 'yes' to any of these questions, you need the dog_catcher. The dog_catcher provides an interactive utility for politely shutting down mongrels from anywhere on your machine.

== FEATURES:

* Sends a TERM signal to one or all of your running mongrels.

* Displays them to you via port.

* Has a "catchy" name.

== SYNOPSIS:

Witness, an example dog_catcher session:

  $ dog_catcher
  Weclome to the Dog Catcher.
  You currently have 3 running mongrels.
  1. Port: 3000
  2. Port: 3333
  3. Port: 9999
  Enter a number to cleanly shut down that mongrel (or hit return for all): 
  2
  Sending 'TERM' to mongrel running on 27993

== INSTALL:

sudo gem dog_catcher

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2008 Greg Borenstein

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.